What I'm about to show you is how he would get really
access from your client with in Google analytics
it's actually one of the most important steps in starting the impact process
because we have to make sure that research has access to Google analytics in order for us to see our clients but they traffic
what you're looking at here is actually my Google analytics account this is what your client would see when they're going to their website and looking at Google analytics
in order to get really access only a few samples.
play the video here which is also available for you to show your clients if you need to give them instructions on how to do that the first you would select admin
and you go to user management
you would select the add new users button
camera type in your Market email address I'm in California for this example shows the California regions email address but please make sure that you were using your specific Market address
that suggest selecting read and analyze
bottom
the ones you select read and analyze
the email address for your research group will be alerted with an email saying that we have access to your clients website information and then we can perform the
packing peanuts and pull data from only takes 30 second then it's just that he's he's so make sure to talk to your client about simple and not time-consuming it is to give research read-only access
NOTE lang en